UNNAMED AL012000 18 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 25 average intensity 25.00

ALLISON AL012001 204 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 25.86

ARLENE AL012005 108 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 60 average intensity 42.37

ALBERTO AL012006 108 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 60 average intensity 40.79

ARTHUR AL012008 54 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 40 average intensity 34.00

ALEX AL012010 174 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 95 average intensity 52.83

ARLENE AL012011 72 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 41.92

ALBERTO AL012012 0 hours
minimum intensity 35 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 35.00

ANDREA AL012013 48 hours
minimum intensity 35 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 45.00

ALBERTO AL012018 108 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 37.11

ALEX AL012022 48 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 40 average intensity 34.44

ALBERTO AL012024 96 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 34.12

UNNAMED AL021999 18 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 28.75

BERTHA AL022002 132 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 23.04

BONNIE AL022004 138 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 36.04

BRET AL022005 36 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 31.43

BARRY AL022007 90 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 33.12

TWO AL022010 54 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 27.00

BERYL AL022012 66 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 60 average intensity 37.08

BARRY AL022013 132 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 40 average intensity 30.22

BILL AL022015 66 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 36.25

BONNIE AL022016 12 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 26.67

BARRY AL022019 126 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 65 average intensity 42.27

BERTHA AL022020 6 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 27.50

BONNIE AL022022 84 hours
minimum intensity 35 maximum intensity 85 average intensity 53.67

ARLENE AL022023 84 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 28.33

BERYL AL022024 126 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 110 average intensity 62.50

BRET AL031999 126 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 125 average intensity 65.91

BARRY AL032001 126 hours
minimum intensity 10 maximum intensity 60 average intensity 36.14

BILL AL032003 102 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 32.50

CHARLEY AL032004 60 hours
minimum intensity 75 maximum intensity 130 average intensity 99.55

CINDY AL032005 108 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 65 average intensity 37.11

BONNIE AL032010 54 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 26.00

COLIN AL032016 48 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 40.56

CINDY AL032017 90 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 40.94

THREE AL032019 0 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 30.00

CRISTOBAL AL032020 186 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 39.38

CLAUDETTE AL032021 84 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 40 average intensity 32.00

COLIN AL032022 12 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 33.33

CHRIS AL032024 102 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 28.89

CHANTAL AL042001 72 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 60 average intensity 45.38

CLAUDETTE AL042003 162 hours
minimum intensity 40 maximum intensity 80 average intensity 54.11

DENNIS AL042005 78 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 125 average intensity 89.64

CHRIS AL042006 6 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 20 average intensity 17.50

DEAN AL042007 72 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 150 average intensity 100.00

DOLLY AL042008 126 hours
minimum intensity 35 maximum intensity 85 average intensity 56.14

CLAUDETTE AL042009 42 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 35.62

DON AL042011 78 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 36.79

DEBBY AL042012 102 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 41.11

DANIELLE AL042016 66 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 40 average intensity 30.00

DANNY AL042021 6 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 32.50

DEBBY AL042024 96 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 70 average intensity 43.82

BERYL AL052000 48 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 36.11

EDOUARD AL052002 48 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 25.56

EMILY AL052005 96 hours
minimum intensity 45 maximum intensity 135 average intensity 96.18

ERIN AL052007 60 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 29.09

EDOUARD AL052008 78 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 36.79

FIVE AL052010 186 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 22.34

ERNESTO AL052012 108 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 85 average intensity 60.00

DOLLY AL052014 66 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 34.58

EARL AL052016 102 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 75 average intensity 51.67

ELSA AL052021 84 hours
minimum intensity 40 maximum intensity 65 average intensity 52.00

FAY AL062002 120 hours
minimum intensity 10 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 25.71

FRANCES AL062004 78 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 90 average intensity 50.00

ERNESTO AL062006 42 hours
minimum intensity 35 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 38.75

FELIX AL062007 66 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 140 average intensity 55.42

FAY AL062008 246 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 60 average intensity 41.43

FERNAND AL062013 36 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 39.29

EMILY AL062017 42 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 36.88

FLORENCE AL062018 24 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 35.00

FAY AL062020 66 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 22.08

FRED AL062021 96 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 38.53

FRANCINE AL062024 162 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 80 average intensity 40.71

UNNAMED AL071999 42 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 28.75

UNNAMED AL072003 36 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 22.14

GERT AL072005 42 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 40 average intensity 31.88

GUSTAV AL072008 138 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 135 average intensity 69.58

HELENE AL072012 114 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 40 average intensity 28.50

FRANKLIN AL072017 102 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 75 average intensity 48.61

GORDON AL072018 120 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 60 average intensity 37.14

FERNAND AL072019 48 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 36.67

GRACE AL072021 90 hours
minimum intensity 45 maximum intensity 105 average intensity 72.19

GABRIELLE AL082001 90 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 60 average intensity 36.56

ERIKA AL082003 54 hours
minimum intensity 35 maximum intensity 65 average intensity 49.00

HARVEY AL082011 96 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 37.06

EIGHT AL082013 18 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 27.50

HANNA AL082020 96 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 80 average intensity 51.47

UNNAMED AL092000 30 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 26.67

UNNAMED AL092001 18 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 28.75

HANNA AL092002 96 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 37.65

IVAN AL092004 228 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 140 average intensity 84.23

HUMBERTO AL092007 60 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 80 average intensity 44.09

IKE AL092008 132 hours
minimum intensity 35 maximum intensity 95 average intensity 78.48

ISAAC AL092012 126 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 70 average intensity 55.68

HANNA AL092014 216 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 25.00

HERMINE AL092016 132 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 70 average intensity 44.13

HARVEY AL092017 276 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 115 average intensity 46.06

ISAIAS AL092020 0 hours
minimum intensity 60 maximum intensity 60 average intensity 60.00

IDA AL092021 120 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 130 average intensity 70.71

IAN AL092022 120 hours
minimum intensity 40 maximum intensity 140 average intensity 93.33

HAROLD AL092023 36 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 37.86

HELENE AL092024 138 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 120 average intensity 48.96

HARVEY AL101999 72 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 43.08

ISIDORE AL102002 204 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 110 average intensity 68.71

TEN AL102007 18 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 26.25

HERMINE AL102010 108 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 60 average intensity 33.68

INGRID AL102013 126 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 75 average intensity 47.95

IDALIA AL102023 120 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 115 average intensity 61.67

UNNAMED AL111999 54 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 30.00

GORDON AL112000 114 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 70 average intensity 43.00

IRIS AL112001 42 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 125 average intensity 93.12

GRACE AL112003 72 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 26.92

JEANNE AL112004 54 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 105 average intensity 52.50

JOSE AL112005 30 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 36.67

IDA AL112009 180 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 90 average intensity 52.10

JULIA AL112016 42 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 39.38

IRMA AL112017 84 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 115 average intensity 71.67

IMELDA AL112019 48 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 40 average intensity 32.22

HELENE AL122000 84 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 60 average intensity 34.33

KYLE AL122002 12 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 33.33

HENRI AL122003 78 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 30.71

KATRINA AL122005 120 hours
minimum intensity 40 maximum intensity 150 average intensity 96.67

KAREN AL122013 78 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 43.21

IRENE AL131999 114 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 70 average intensity 52.50

LILI AL132002 108 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 125 average intensity 86.05

LORENZO AL132007 78 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 70 average intensity 39.29

MARCO AL132008 42 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 42.50

KARL AL132010 114 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 110 average intensity 61.25

LEE AL132011 126 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 35.23

KATIA AL132017 102 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 90 average intensity 57.78

LAURA AL132020 78 hours
minimum intensity 35 maximum intensity 130 average intensity 80.00

MINDY AL132021 24 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 39.00

JULIA AL132022 54 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 75 average intensity 52.50

UNNAMED AL142002 60 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 29.09

MATTHEW AL142004 72 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 40 average intensity 33.08

MATTHEW AL142016 24 hours
minimum intensity 85 maximum intensity 105 average intensity 94.00

MICHAEL AL142018 120 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 140 average intensity 75.00

MARCO AL142020 120 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 65 average intensity 41.43

NICHOLAS AL142021 120 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 65 average intensity 36.67

KARL AL142022 102 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 35.83

MILTON AL142024 150 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 150 average intensity 82.31

KATRINA AL151999 90 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 26.88

KEITH AL152000 198 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 120 average intensity 60.15

MICHELLE AL152001 162 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 120 average intensity 69.29

MATTHEW AL152010 66 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 36.25

NATE AL152011 132 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 65 average intensity 45.00

OMAR AL152020 0 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 25 average intensity 25.00

LISA AL152022 96 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 80 average intensity 45.00

NADINE AL152024 90 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 27.50

LENNY AL161999 12 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 30.00

LESLIE AL162000 6 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 30.00

SIXTEEN AL162008 42 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 25 average intensity 25.00

NICOLE AL162010 48 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 40 average intensity 35.56

OTTO AL162016 144 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 100 average intensity 48.60

NATE AL162017 132 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 80 average intensity 43.04

NESTOR AL162019 66 hours
minimum intensity 35 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 42.50

NANA AL162020 54 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 65 average intensity 48.50

LARRY AL172003 246 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 34.29

OLGA AL172007 66 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 29.58

PALOMA AL172008 108 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 110 average intensity 44.21

OLGA AL172019 24 hours
minimum intensity 35 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 42.00

NICOLE AL172022 36 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 65 average intensity 41.43

RITA AL182005 132 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 155 average intensity 100.65

PAULA AL182010 108 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 90 average intensity 62.11

RINA AL182011 180 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 100 average intensity 53.06

PHILIPPE AL182017 36 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 31.43

RICHARD AL192010 168 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 85 average intensity 43.79

SALLY AL192020 150 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 95 average intensity 54.04

STAN AL202005 96 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 70 average intensity 39.71

TWENTY-ONE AL212023 30 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 25 average intensity 24.17

TAMMY AL222005 42 hours
minimum intensity 10 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 32.50

BETA AL222020 198 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 36.03

WILMA AL252005 162 hours
minimum intensity 65 maximum intensity 160 average intensity 112.86

GAMMA AL252020 120 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 65 average intensity 41.43

DELTA AL262020 138 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 120 average intensity 76.25

BETA AL272005 102 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 100 average intensity 56.94

GAMMA AL282005 108 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 32.11

ZETA AL282020 126 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 100 average intensity 61.14

ETA AL292020 252 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 130 average intensity 58.60

IOTA AL312020 60 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 135 average intensity 89.09

UNNAMED AL012000 18 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 25 average intensity 25.00

ALLISON AL012001 204 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 25.86

ARLENE AL012005 108 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 60 average intensity 42.37

ALBERTO AL012006 108 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 60 average intensity 40.79

ARTHUR AL012008 54 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 40 average intensity 34.00

ALEX AL012010 174 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 95 average intensity 52.83

ARLENE AL012011 72 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 41.92

ALBERTO AL012012 0 hours
minimum intensity 35 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 35.00

ANDREA AL012013 48 hours
minimum intensity 35 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 45.00

ALBERTO AL012018 108 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 37.11

ALEX AL012022 48 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 40 average intensity 34.44

ALBERTO AL012024 96 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 34.12

UNNAMED AL021999 18 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 28.75

BERTHA AL022002 132 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 23.04

BONNIE AL022004 138 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 36.04

BRET AL022005 36 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 31.43

BARRY AL022007 90 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 33.12

TWO AL022010 54 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 27.00

BERYL AL022012 66 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 60 average intensity 37.08

BARRY AL022013 132 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 40 average intensity 30.22

BILL AL022015 66 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 36.25

BONNIE AL022016 12 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 26.67

BARRY AL022019 126 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 65 average intensity 42.27

BERTHA AL022020 6 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 27.50

BONNIE AL022022 84 hours
minimum intensity 35 maximum intensity 85 average intensity 53.67

ARLENE AL022023 84 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 28.33

BERYL AL022024 126 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 110 average intensity 62.50

BRET AL031999 126 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 125 average intensity 65.91

BARRY AL032001 126 hours
minimum intensity 10 maximum intensity 60 average intensity 36.14

BILL AL032003 102 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 32.50

CHARLEY AL032004 60 hours
minimum intensity 75 maximum intensity 130 average intensity 99.55

CINDY AL032005 108 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 65 average intensity 37.11

BONNIE AL032010 54 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 26.00

COLIN AL032016 48 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 40.56

CINDY AL032017 90 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 40.94

THREE AL032019 0 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 30.00

CRISTOBAL AL032020 186 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 39.38

CLAUDETTE AL032021 84 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 40 average intensity 32.00

COLIN AL032022 12 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 33.33

CHRIS AL032024 102 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 28.89

CHANTAL AL042001 72 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 60 average intensity 45.38

CLAUDETTE AL042003 162 hours
minimum intensity 40 maximum intensity 80 average intensity 54.11

DENNIS AL042005 78 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 125 average intensity 89.64

CHRIS AL042006 6 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 20 average intensity 17.50

DEAN AL042007 72 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 150 average intensity 100.00

DOLLY AL042008 126 hours
minimum intensity 35 maximum intensity 85 average intensity 56.14

CLAUDETTE AL042009 42 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 35.62

DON AL042011 78 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 36.79

DEBBY AL042012 102 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 41.11

DANIELLE AL042016 66 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 40 average intensity 30.00

DANNY AL042021 6 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 32.50

DEBBY AL042024 96 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 70 average intensity 43.82

BERYL AL052000 48 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 36.11

EDOUARD AL052002 48 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 25.56

EMILY AL052005 96 hours
minimum intensity 45 maximum intensity 135 average intensity 96.18

ERIN AL052007 60 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 29.09

EDOUARD AL052008 78 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 36.79

FIVE AL052010 186 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 22.34

ERNESTO AL052012 108 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 85 average intensity 60.00

DOLLY AL052014 66 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 34.58

EARL AL052016 102 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 75 average intensity 51.67

ELSA AL052021 84 hours
minimum intensity 40 maximum intensity 65 average intensity 52.00

FAY AL062002 120 hours
minimum intensity 10 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 25.71

FRANCES AL062004 78 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 90 average intensity 50.00

ERNESTO AL062006 42 hours
minimum intensity 35 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 38.75

FELIX AL062007 66 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 140 average intensity 55.42

FAY AL062008 246 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 60 average intensity 41.43

FERNAND AL062013 36 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 39.29

EMILY AL062017 42 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 36.88

FLORENCE AL062018 24 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 35.00

FAY AL062020 66 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 22.08

FRED AL062021 96 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 38.53

FRANCINE AL062024 162 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 80 average intensity 40.71

UNNAMED AL071999 42 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 28.75

UNNAMED AL072003 36 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 22.14

GERT AL072005 42 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 40 average intensity 31.88

GUSTAV AL072008 138 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 135 average intensity 69.58

HELENE AL072012 114 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 40 average intensity 28.50

FRANKLIN AL072017 102 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 75 average intensity 48.61

GORDON AL072018 120 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 60 average intensity 37.14

FERNAND AL072019 48 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 36.67

GRACE AL072021 90 hours
minimum intensity 45 maximum intensity 105 average intensity 72.19

GABRIELLE AL082001 90 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 60 average intensity 36.56

ERIKA AL082003 54 hours
minimum intensity 35 maximum intensity 65 average intensity 49.00

HARVEY AL082011 96 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 37.06

EIGHT AL082013 18 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 27.50

HANNA AL082020 96 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 80 average intensity 51.47

UNNAMED AL092000 30 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 26.67

UNNAMED AL092001 18 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 28.75

HANNA AL092002 96 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 37.65

IVAN AL092004 228 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 140 average intensity 84.23

HUMBERTO AL092007 60 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 80 average intensity 44.09

IKE AL092008 132 hours
minimum intensity 35 maximum intensity 95 average intensity 78.48

ISAAC AL092012 126 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 70 average intensity 55.68

HANNA AL092014 216 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 25.00

HERMINE AL092016 132 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 70 average intensity 44.13

HARVEY AL092017 276 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 115 average intensity 46.06

ISAIAS AL092020 0 hours
minimum intensity 60 maximum intensity 60 average intensity 60.00

IDA AL092021 120 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 130 average intensity 70.71

IAN AL092022 120 hours
minimum intensity 40 maximum intensity 140 average intensity 93.33

HAROLD AL092023 36 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 37.86

HELENE AL092024 138 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 120 average intensity 48.96

HARVEY AL101999 72 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 43.08

ISIDORE AL102002 204 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 110 average intensity 68.71

TEN AL102007 18 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 26.25

HERMINE AL102010 108 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 60 average intensity 33.68

INGRID AL102013 126 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 75 average intensity 47.95

IDALIA AL102023 120 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 115 average intensity 61.67

UNNAMED AL111999 54 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 30.00

GORDON AL112000 114 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 70 average intensity 43.00

IRIS AL112001 42 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 125 average intensity 93.12

GRACE AL112003 72 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 26.92

JEANNE AL112004 54 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 105 average intensity 52.50

JOSE AL112005 30 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 36.67

IDA AL112009 180 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 90 average intensity 52.10

JULIA AL112016 42 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 39.38

IRMA AL112017 84 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 115 average intensity 71.67

IMELDA AL112019 48 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 40 average intensity 32.22

HELENE AL122000 84 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 60 average intensity 34.33

KYLE AL122002 12 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 33.33

HENRI AL122003 78 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 30.71

KATRINA AL122005 120 hours
minimum intensity 40 maximum intensity 150 average intensity 96.67

KAREN AL122013 78 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 43.21

IRENE AL131999 114 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 70 average intensity 52.50

LILI AL132002 108 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 125 average intensity 86.05

LORENZO AL132007 78 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 70 average intensity 39.29

MARCO AL132008 42 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 42.50

KARL AL132010 114 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 110 average intensity 61.25

LEE AL132011 126 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 35.23

KATIA AL132017 102 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 90 average intensity 57.78

LAURA AL132020 78 hours
minimum intensity 35 maximum intensity 130 average intensity 80.00

MINDY AL132021 24 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 39.00

JULIA AL132022 54 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 75 average intensity 52.50

UNNAMED AL142002 60 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 29.09

MATTHEW AL142004 72 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 40 average intensity 33.08

MATTHEW AL142016 24 hours
minimum intensity 85 maximum intensity 105 average intensity 94.00

MICHAEL AL142018 120 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 140 average intensity 75.00

MARCO AL142020 120 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 65 average intensity 41.43

NICHOLAS AL142021 120 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 65 average intensity 36.67

KARL AL142022 102 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 35.83

MILTON AL142024 150 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 150 average intensity 82.31

KATRINA AL151999 90 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 26.88

KEITH AL152000 198 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 120 average intensity 60.15

MICHELLE AL152001 162 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 120 average intensity 69.29

MATTHEW AL152010 66 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 36.25

NATE AL152011 132 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 65 average intensity 45.00

OMAR AL152020 0 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 25 average intensity 25.00

LISA AL152022 96 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 80 average intensity 45.00

NADINE AL152024 90 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 27.50

LENNY AL161999 12 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 30.00

LESLIE AL162000 6 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 30.00

SIXTEEN AL162008 42 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 25 average intensity 25.00

NICOLE AL162010 48 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 40 average intensity 35.56

OTTO AL162016 144 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 100 average intensity 48.60

NATE AL162017 132 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 80 average intensity 43.04

NESTOR AL162019 66 hours
minimum intensity 35 maximum intensity 50 average intensity 42.50

NANA AL162020 54 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 65 average intensity 48.50

LARRY AL172003 246 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 34.29

OLGA AL172007 66 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 30 average intensity 29.58

PALOMA AL172008 108 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 110 average intensity 44.21

OLGA AL172019 24 hours
minimum intensity 35 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 42.00

NICOLE AL172022 36 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 65 average intensity 41.43

RITA AL182005 132 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 155 average intensity 100.65

PAULA AL182010 108 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 90 average intensity 62.11

RINA AL182011 180 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 100 average intensity 53.06

PHILIPPE AL182017 36 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 35 average intensity 31.43

RICHARD AL192010 168 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 85 average intensity 43.79

SALLY AL192020 150 hours
minimum intensity 30 maximum intensity 95 average intensity 54.04

STAN AL202005 96 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 70 average intensity 39.71

TWENTY-ONE AL212023 30 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 25 average intensity 24.17

TAMMY AL222005 42 hours
minimum intensity 10 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 32.50

BETA AL222020 198 hours
minimum intensity 15 maximum intensity 55 average intensity 36.03

WILMA AL252005 162 hours
minimum intensity 65 maximum intensity 160 average intensity 112.86

GAMMA AL252020 120 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 65 average intensity 41.43

DELTA AL262020 138 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 120 average intensity 76.25

BETA AL272005 102 hours
minimum intensity 20 maximum intensity 100 average intensity 56.94

GAMMA AL282005 108 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 45 average intensity 32.11

ZETA AL282020 126 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 100 average intensity 61.14

ETA AL292020 252 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 130 average intensity 58.60

IOTA AL312020 60 hours
minimum intensity 25 maximum intensity 135 average intensity 89.09

